README.md, before:

## Lucille

A Giphy Hipchat bot.

Once running, any time someone types "/giphy " then a search term into Hipchat, Lucille will return a random gif matching that term.


## Get Started

- Rename lucille_sample.cfg to lucille.cfg & enter in your Hipchat room name.
- Rename hipchat_sample.cfg to hipchat.cfg & enter in your Hipchat API token.
	- To get a Hipchat token, go to https://www.hipchat.com/admin/api & get an 'admin' token.

More on Giphy: https://github.com/Giphy/GiphyAPI

If you end up using it, let me know! I'm [@tolar](http://twitter.com/tolar) on twitter.

## Requirements
Python Hipchat library
https://github.com/tagged/python-hipchat

Python modules:
- configobj
- httplib2


## License Info

Copyright 2013 Robert Haining

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

## Lucille
<a href="http://gph.is/XIBJ2k"><img src="http://media3.giphy.com/media/dEras2eeWXfKo/original.gif"/></a>

Commit message:

added port of lucille in golang

README.md, after:

## Lucille

A Giphy Hipchat bot.

Once running, any time someone types "/giphy " then a search term into Hipchat, Lucille will return a random gif matching that term.


## Get Started

- Rename lucille_sample.cfg to lucille.cfg & enter in your Hipchat room name.
- Rename hipchat_sample.cfg to hipchat.cfg & enter in your Hipchat API token.
	- To get a Hipchat token, go to https://www.hipchat.com/admin/api & get an 'admin' token.

More on Giphy: https://github.com/Giphy/GiphyAPI

If you end up using it, let me know! I'm [@tolar](http://twitter.com/tolar) on twitter.

## Requirements
Python Hipchat library
https://github.com/tagged/python-hipchat

Python modules:
- configobj
- httplib2

## Ports
- [Buster](https://github.com/poptip/buster), written in Golang by [Andrew Bonventre](https://github.com/andybons) from [Poptip](http://poptip.com).


## License Info

Copyright 2013 Robert Haining

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

## Lucille
<a href="http://gph.is/XIBJ2k"><img src="http://media3.giphy.com/media/dEras2eeWXfKo/original.gif"/></a>
